README.md, before:

# Anny FM: Battery 1,2,3

Originally performed live @ The Loft, Brighton, 4th July 2014.

## Recordings

- [Battery 1,2,3 (Live) on Bandcamp](http://anny.audio/track/battery-123-live)
- [Battery 1,2,3 (Live) on SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/anny-fm/battery-123-live)

## Source files

### battery123.tidal

This version updated April 2016 for Tidal 0.7 (jumping three whole major patches! Amazing) to use `cps (125/60)` instead of `bps (125/60)` hence everything becoming prefixed with `slow 2` - because for some reason, cycles are twice as fast as beats. (Surely it should be the other way round.)

I also felt compelled to write out the live composition in full, even though it differs significantly from my [original home recording](https://soundcloud.com/anny-fm/battery-123-original-version). I never kept notes on the original composition in `scratch11.tidal` - just the parts - so this may not match up exactly with the live recording or necessarily even sound the same in places, but I think it's roughly right. Good enough to borrow from in future gigs, anyway.

This is the one you want if firing up B123 in latest versions of Tidal, and will be maintained long term for my own use.

#### To-do

- More `let` lines to define reusables, mainly for future gigs and to reduce copy-pasting
- More annotations
- Remove unused samples to improve portability

### scratch11.tidal

Original "full" notes on B123, last updated 2nd July 2014. These are pretty poor notes to be honest, but I'm preserving them in version control all the damn same cause before I lose them.

I think this was using Tidal 0.4.6 BTW, at least according to [the latest version at that time](https://github.com/tidalcycles/Tidal/tree/c214cb1baa8259ce4514741bb8a14ca28d1139e7).

### scratch12.cond.tidal

Final notes-to-self made while practicing in hotel room, just hours before performing live. (Did I mention this was my first ever algorave?) Even less useful than `scratch11` because I smushed everything together without double line breaks to make it: a) possible to scroll easily & quickly refer to in one corner of the screen, and b) incomprehensible to anyone trying to understand it _before_ I actually triggered new parts.

I'm much less protective of my code these days!...

## Sample attributions

```
arpy bass bass3 hand jvbass peri psr rm tacscan tok trump uxay wobble
```

All of the above from [Dirt-Samples](https://github.com/tidalcycles/Dirt-Samples/tree/c2db9a0dc4ffb911febc613cdb9726cae5175223).

```
warbler
```

I didn't write down the attribution at the time, but I'm fairly certain it's sampled from [Birdsong in Tuscany.wav](http://www.freesound.org/people/evernaut/sounds/37286/) off [Freesound.org](http://www.freesound.org). You did a great job of bookmarking that, past me!

Commit message:

remove old source files, update readme for simplicity

README.md, after:

# Anny FM: Battery 1,2,3

Originally performed live @ The Loft, Brighton, 4th July 2014.

## Recordings

- [Battery 1,2,3 (Live) on Bandcamp](http://anny.audio/track/battery-123-live)
- [Battery 1,2,3 (Live) on SoundCloud](https://soundcloud.com/anny-fm/battery-123-live)

## Source files

### battery123.tidal

This version updated April 2016 for Tidal 0.7 (jumping three whole major patches! Amazing) to use `cps (125/60)` instead of `bps (125/60)` hence everything becoming prefixed with `cf` - because for some reason, cycles are twice as fast as beats. (Surely it should be the other way round.)

Older versions of this composition with original notes are available on the `original-notes` tag of this repository.

## Sample attributions

```
arpy bass bass3 hand jvbass peri psr rm tacscan tok trump uxay wobble
```

All of the above from [Dirt-Samples](https://github.com/tidalcycles/Dirt-Samples/tree/c2db9a0dc4ffb911febc613cdb9726cae5175223).

```
warbler
```

I didn't write down the attribution at the time, but I'm fairly certain it's sampled from [Birdsong in Tuscany.wav](http://www.freesound.org/people/evernaut/sounds/37286/) off [Freesound.org](http://www.freesound.org). You did a great job of bookmarking that, past me!
